Welcome to the Flight module of the Venice City Knowledge Console!

In order to receive the critical information on the flights about to arrive in 
Venice's Marco Polo Airport, enter "python test.py" to run the appropriate 
Python script.
The output of this script will be the useful information (city of origin, 
airline, flight number, aircraft type, time of departure, and scheduled time 
of arrival) on each flight which is immediately available from the website 
flightradar24.com/airport/vce about arriving flights.  The script will then 
exit immediately.

In order to log and interpret information on the flights which have arrived in 
Venice's Marco Polo Airport in the past 24 hours, enter "python background.py" 
to run the appropriate Python script.
The output of this script will be the number of flights which have arrived, 
the number of flights for which the passenger capacity is known, and the total 
passenger capacity of those flights.  The range of time for which the output 
will be valid is either 24 hours or the time since the script was started, 
whichever is shorter.
The data on the passenger capacity of various aircraft type by airline is 
stored in the file "types.dat" in the format "Airline/Aircraft: Capacity", 
and is obtained from the website seatmaestro.com*.  This information must be 
entered manually, however, once the script "background.py" encounters an 
airline/aircraft combination not covered in "types.dat", it will automatically 
add a line to types.dat which reads "Airline/Aircraft: UNKNOWN".  In this way, 
the user can be aware if there are unknown aircraft types which the program 
must deal with, and can add information easily.

Future alterations will include functionality to make the background script 
log to a file, which can then easily be read by a JavaScript interface to the 
Venice City Knowledge Console.  Additionally, the file "types.dat" has yet to 
be fully finished, so while the feature which allows one to determine capacity 
is supported by the script, it is not supported with data at this time.

*With additional information obtained from other sources, including but not 
limited to seatguru.com, the websites of various airlines, and Wikipedia.
